# README Generation

## Description
    
This README is generated by this application. This README is a description and a sample. Comprehensive. This readme generator creates a file according to the users response to a series of questions. This is the description section. This application's main purpose is to automate the process of writing a README. Most readme's are the same, less a couple customization, so this would save the user of, at least, formatting the README for every project. Personally, this project was not only a learning experience, but an asset to my programming capabilities. The concepts used here can be tweaked to potentially automate a lot of repetitive document generation work.
    
  
## Table of Contents
 
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions?](#questions)
    
    
## Installation
    
First, clone the repository down to your device. After checking that the package.json was cloned properly(which it should), the user must download the required dependencies. Orient your terminal to the parent folder of index.js, and type in command "npm i". Once the packages are installed, the user should see that package-lock.json is in the Develop directory. Once package-lock.json folder is in your Develop folder, your README generator is ready to run!!
    
    
## Usage
    
Command "node index.js" to run the application. After answering a series of questions prompted by the terminal, the user can open OPENME to find "README.md(" in the front) has been generated.
    
    
## Credits
    
I would like to thank my instructors and co-learners
    
  
## License
    
2
    
    
## Tests
    
No testing information available
    
## Questions
    
Github: https://github.com/saukchung/readme-generator
    
Email: chungsauk95@gmail.com